Refactor Authorization docs (leaving stub pages behind) (#1046)
globus/globus-sdk-python: docs/authorization/globus_authorizers.rst

dynamic.

The interface used to handle these credentials is :class:`GlobusAuthorizer`.
:class:`GlobusAuthorizer` defines methods which provide an ``Authorization``
header for HTTP requests, and different implementations handle Refresh Tokens,
Access Tokens, Client Credentials, and their various usage modes.

A :class:`GlobusAuthorizer` is an object which defines the following two
operations:

- get an ``Authorization`` header
- handle a 401 Unauthorized error

Clients contain authorizers, and use them to get and refresh their credentials.
Whenever using the :ref:`Service Clients <services>`, you should be passing in an
authorizer when you create a new client unless otherwise specified.

The type of authorizer you will use depends very much on your application, but
if you want examples you should look at the :ref:`examples section
<examples-authorization>`.
It may help to start with the examples and come back to the reference
documentation afterwards.

The Authorizer Interface
------------------------

We define the interface for ``GlobusAuthorizer`` objects in terms of an
Abstract Base Class:

.. autoclass:: GlobusAuthorizer
    :members:
    :member-order: bysource

> ``GlobusAuthorizer`` objects that fetch new access tokens when their existing
> ones expire or a 401 is received implement the RenewingAuthorizer class
> 
> .. autoclass:: RenewingAuthorizer
>     :members: get_authorization_header, handle_missing_authorization
>     :member-order: bysource
>     :show-inheritance:
> 
> ``GlobusAuthorizer`` objects which have a static authorization header are all
> implemented using the static authorizer class:
> 
> .. autoclass:: StaticGlobusAuthorizer
>     :members:
>     :member-order: bysource
>     :show-inheritance:

Reviewer: I'd consolidate the preamble of these two interfaces and invert the order (static comes before renewing because it's simpler and helps establish the concept to which renewing adds more complexity).

Something like

```suggestion
Authorizers within this SDK fall into two categories: 
 * "Static Authorizers" already contain all authorization data and simply format it into the proper authorization header. These all inherit from the ``StaticGlobusAuthorizer`` class.
 * "Renewing Authorizer" take some initial parameters but internally define a functional behavior to acquire new authorization data as necessary. These all inherit from the ``RenewingGlobusAuthorizer`` class.
 
.. autoclass:: StaticGlobusAuthorizer
    :member-order: bysource
    :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: RenewingAuthorizer
    :member-order: bysource
    :show-inheritance:
```

---

Separately, I'm not convinced we should be showing the members for static & renewing authorizer. Seems like the duplicate the method definitions defined above in `GlobusAuthorizer` and just serve to take up screen space.

Authorizer Types
----------------

.. currentmodule:: globus_sdk

All of these types of authorizers can be imported from
``globus_sdk.authorizers``.

.. autoclass:: NullAuthorizer
    :members:
    :member-order: bysource
    :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: BasicAuthorizer
    :members:
    :member-order: bysource
    :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: AccessTokenAuthorizer
    :members:
    :member-order: bysource
    :show-inheritance:

.. autoclass:: RefreshTokenAuthorizer
    :members:
    :member-order: bysource
    :show-inheritance:

> .. autoclass:: ClientCredentialsAuthorizer

Author: This might have been order of implementation. I don't recall. :joy: 

Let's reorder as you suggested; I think that's much better.
